LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
setup.py
lamb/__init__.py
lamb/combinators.py
lamb/display.py
lamb/lang.py
lamb/lnsetup.py
lamb/magics.py
lamb/meta.py
lamb/parsing.py
lamb/tree_mini.py
lamb/treetransforms.py
lamb/types.py
lamb/utils.py
lambda_notebook.egg-info/PKG-INFO
lambda_notebook.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
lambda_notebook.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
lambda_notebook.egg-info/requires.txt
lambda_notebook.egg-info/top_level.txt
notebooks/An introduction to compositionality via "two plus two is four".ipynb
notebooks/Introduction to typed lambda calculus.ipynb
notebooks/Lambda Notebook Demo (executed).ipynb
notebooks/Lambda Notebook Demo.ipynb
notebooks/Lambda Notebook Intro (start here).ipynb
notebooks/documentation/Ad hoc polymorphism.ipynb
notebooks/documentation/Intro to type variables.ipynb
notebooks/documentation/Lexical ambiguity.ipynb
notebooks/documentation/Metalanguage documentation.ipynb
notebooks/documentation/Partiality documentation.ipynb
notebooks/documentation/Quick reference.ipynb
notebooks/fragments/Compositional DRT.ipynb
notebooks/fragments/Continuations and quantifier scope.ipynb
notebooks/fragments/Hamblin semantics.ipynb
notebooks/fragments/Intensional scope.ipynb
notebooks/fragments/Neo-davidsonian event semantics.ipynb
notebooks/fragments/Relative clauses.ipynb
notebooks/fragments/Variable free binding.ipynb
notebooks/fragments/von Fintel and Heim beginning.ipynb
notebooks/misc/00 Readme for upgrading from IPython 2.ipynb
notebooks/misc/Diagnostics.ipynb
notebooks/misc/LSA poster examples.ipynb
notebooks/misc/Lambda calculus testing.ipynb
notebooks/misc/Polymorphism examples.ipynb
notebooks/tutorials/Composition operations.ipynb
notebooks/tutorials/Intro to type variables.ipynb
notebooks/tutorials/Quantification tutorial.ipynb
notebooks/tutorials/Type shifting.ipynb
notebooks/tutorials/definite article tutorial.ipynb